---
layout: showcase
title: "OiRA - Online interactive Risk Assessment"
name: oira
logo: oira
category: showcases
level: gold
summary: "Facilitating Risk Assessment for Europe’s micro and small organisations, OiRA is a European online platform to create free and easy-to-use sectoral risk assessment tools for small and micro-companies."
images:
  - name: OiRA - Online interactive Risk Assessment
    file: oira.jpg
---

Facilitating Risk Assessment for Europe’s micro and small organisations.

## Background

OiRA – Online interactive Risk Assessment – is a web platform that enables the creation of sectoral risk assessment tools in any language with in an easy and standardised way. It is developed and maintained by the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work (EU-OSHA) and based on the successful Dutch Risk Assessment instrument (called RI&E), which now exists in more than 172 sectoral variants, each tailor-made to the needs of its particular sector.

The platform allows to build  easy-to-use and cost-free online tools that can help micro and small organisations to put in place a step-by-step risk assessment process – starting with the identification and evaluation of workplace risks, through to the decision making and implementation of preventative actions, to monitoring and reporting.

## Requirements

Proper risk assessment is the key to healthy workplaces. Yet carrying out risk assessments can be quite challenging, particularly for micro and small enterprises, which may lack the resources or the occupational safety and health know-how to do so effectively. The OiRA project aims to overcome this, as first initiative at EU level to encourage European micro and small-sized enterprises (mainly via Member States and social partners at EU and at Member State level) to assess their risks.

## Solution

For this purpose SYSLAB.COM has created a campaign website on safe maintenance using the latest web and design technologies, while still being based on the Plone CMS. New technology (Diazo) is used to combine the advantages of a CMS with the design potential of optimised CSS and XHTML.

