---
layout: showcase
title: Healthy Workplaces Campaign - EU-OSHA
name: hw-campaign-euosha
logo: osha
category: showcases
level: gold
summary: "The European Agency for Safety and Health at Work has chosen the internet as its primary means to disseminate information. We facilitate that on several platforms including CMS, Wiki, campaign sites and communication tools."
images:
  - name: Healthy Workplaces Campaign - EU-OSHA
    file: osha.jpg
---

The European Agency for Safety and Health at Work (OSHA) is a European Union public administration and one of the EU´s decentralised agencies in Europe.

## Background

From it’s headquarters in Bilbao, Spain, the Agency acts as a catalyst for developing, collecting, analysing and disseminating information that improves the state of occupational safety and health in Europe. Internet and web services are key tools to support these activities. The Agency works in close co-operation with a network of partners, based on a system of “national Focal Points”. The Focal Point also manage the national Agency websites, which constitute the Agency’s network of websites.

## Support requirements and solutions

SYSLAB.COM provide web development and support services for the Agency websites, so that they remain an effective and user-friendly online resource to cater for the OSHA and Enterprise communities in Europe and beyond. The websites are offered in all EU languages and multilingual coverage is a key asset. We built the EU-OSHA CMS on Zope and Plone 4. It provides editing capabilities for the Agency's core staff and a large group of topic centers and focal points. The CMS enables complete web based creation and administration of information that has grown for more than a decade and currently amounts to 70 Gb.

## Multilingualism

One of the key features of the CMS is its multilingual capabilities, especially when considering the pan European target audience. The content as well as the framework of any web page can be presented in all European languages. Search for specific language versions including fallback to the English version is possible. We have also developed tools that help editors to deal with the specific problems of a massively multilingual site. We provided helpdesk support to the Agency’s technical and content editing staff and have conducted several user trainings, both in situ and online using collaborative tools such as WebEx / GoToMeeting. These were generally met with high user satisfaction.

We also provided content uploading services for several hundred publications and other content. To increase efficiency and accuracy we developed scripts and tools for automatic translation and meta-tagging. Recently we created a campaign website on safe maintenance using the latest web and design technologies, while still being based on the Plone CMS. New technology (Diazo) is used to combine the advantages of a CMS with the design potential of optimised CSS and XHTML.

