---
layout: showcase
title: Universität der Bundeswehr
name: universitaet-der-bundeswehr
category: showcases
summary: "Providing technical support for the University of Federal Armed Forces Munich on 176 CMS Portals of the central web hosting plattform."
images:
  - name: Universität der Bundeswehr
    file: unibw.jpg
---

# Universität der Bundeswehr

SYSLAB.COM provides support for the University of Federal Armed Forces Munich on 176 CMS Portals of the central web hosting plattform.

# Background

The University of the Federal Armed Forces Munich (UniBwM) is one of two universities of the Bundeswehr that the German army has set up for the education of their future officers. The official website of the UniBwM is accessed via the Webserver www.unibw.de, which is provided by the data center. It is implemented with a content management system, based on Zope/Plone. In addition to the central server the data center also provides a web hosting platform, where interactive web projects can be realized. The Interactive Web server provides the ability to operate interactive (dynamic) web pages with MySQL databases via "Virtual Web Servers *" .

# Support requirements and solutions

Since 2008 we have been providing technical support to UniBwM for a Network of 176 Plone CMS portals. We perform day-to-day helpdesk requests that cannot be solved by the first level support at the university. The portal operators contact the data center with error messages or problem requests, who in return can contact SYSLAB.COM, if needed. These requests vary from content creation or issues for the User Interface to the desire of automating routine tasks.

We assist the 1st level support in solving problems, train them to improve their services and develop smaller tools that aid in their day-to-day support work. Due to the large amount of portals in operation we also provide support, when changes have to be applied to all installations at once. We provide consultancy for hosting and hosting optimisations in their virtual machine environment and maintain the deployment infrastructure. We supply documentation, where requested and hands-on trainings. All communication is tracked via the issue tracker and reported regularly.

# Future Cooperation

SYSLAB.COM will continue to support the data center of UniBWM. We have among other developed custom content types for the hosting platform. This requires the creation of a strategy on how to deal with the existing content objects and handling the change user-friendly. Currently we are working on a simplification of the access permissions management in service work to reduce support requests pages from the portal operator. We have also implemented a view for mobile devices (smartphones, etc.), which is based on an existing Plone extension with many UniBW-specific adaptations.

