---
layout: showcase
title: Bayrische Staatsbibliothek
name: bayrische-staatsbibliothek
category: showcases
summary: "A Europe-wide, multi-language platform for reviews of historical literature supporting humanities scholars to communicate in the digital future. (Supported by DFG, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Leibniz-Institut für Europäische Geschichte Mainz and Universität zu Köln)."
images:
  - name: Bayrische Staatsbibliothek - recensio.net
    file: bsb.jpg
---

## Solution

We developed the platform in close cooperation with Recensio using scrum as agile methodology. This among other involved an implementation of ajax functionality to make the UI respond quick, optimisation of title representation to support special cases for citation and adding of more translations. Registration was improved to act as an overlay form and a quick-search for keywords was added. In addition to the navigation, a previous/next function was created that respects the specific order of reviews within their volume. There were several search improvements using solr, and the iPad display was optimised.

We also performed an upgrade from Plone 4.0 to 4.2 and added an URL shortener service. Since the OPAC interface of the system expired, it was necessary to add a new interface to the libraries digitool service for automatic retrieval of metadata. The existing metadata classifications had been changed (similar to an update from NACE code 1.0 to 2.0) and therefore the existing content had to be re-tagged accordingly. A helpdesk was provided to support with content issues and bulk upload of data.

## Background

Journals can publish their review sections online and thus make them more visible – either »exclusively« online or in a »hybrid« form as part of a pre- or post-print procedure. The review sections can be individually accessed on recensio.net, but at the same time (together with reviews from other cooperating journals) also be searched in full text. This is possible because each review is tagged with substantial metadata (subject headings, classification information regarding time, region and topic of the title reviewed), making it easier for users to find it and allowing them to search the entire platform for specific topics. Each review is available in full text and can be directly downloaded from recensio.net.


## Bayrische Staatsbibliothek

A Europe-wide, multi-language platform for reviews of historical literature supporting humanities scholars to communicate in the digital future.

recensio.net is a joint project of the Bavarian State Library (BSB) Munich, the University of Cologne and the Leibniz Institute of European History (IEG) Mainz – funded by the German Research Foundation (DFG).
