---
layout: showcase
title: Denso Auto
category: showcases
summary: "To track, present, approve and manage changes in the production cycle we have created an intranet based Change Management System in close cooperation with the Denso QA personnel. The solution allows distributed access to all relevant information at any time."
images:
  - name: Denso Auto
    file: denso.jpg
---
#Denso Auto 
Intranet based system for change management and revision control of automobile parts

#Background
DENSO is global supplier of automotive technology systems and components. Many car manufacturers around the world install DENSO products, for example climate control systems. Whenever a part of such a product is scheduled to be altered, all manufacturers using this part need to be informed of the intended change and queried for their approval.

#Client requirements
DENSO wanted to have a system that supported all aspects of change cycle. As DENSO is a globally operating company, the employees concerned with change management of automotive parts are spread over several locations. Therefore the system needed to be based on the globally accessible intranet solution rather than a locally installed database application.

#Solution
The solution is based on a CMS powered by Zope and Plone. The actual data storage is handled in a MySQL database. A customer tailored interface was developed to meet the demands for fine grained input as well as broad overview. The system holds data of all parts in their various states and their relation to the affected customers. For every change introduced, a separate item is created that holds all details and can also include Word and PDF documents. Individual changes can be grouped to larger-scale change incidents that reflect all changes for a given date.

#Customer benefits
By using a Zope/Plone based system with its object database in combination with a relational database, the benefits of both worlds can be combined. The system is accessible and editable by browser on one hand, while on the other hand complex queries can be efficiently and rapidly computed. The overall time for administrating changes could be significantly reduced with the introduction of the new system. Data consistency has greatly improved, because feasibility checks inform data handling staff immediately of potential conflicts.

#Agile Method and responsive design...XXX