---
layout: sub-page
title: Intranet
description: "A good intranet should have: Well populated profiles, an intelligent, tailored search, well written engaging content, a dynamic and engaging homepage, quick and easy access to important things, on demand project areas, a structured place to ask questions. It's all about content!"
summary: "A good intranet should have: Well populated profiles, an intelligent, tailored search, well written engaging content, a dynamic and engaging homepage, quick and easy access to important things, on demand project areas, a structured place to ask questions. It's all about content!"
category: services
image: pi-case.jpg
---

<!-- “Consulting” (Denso), “Implementation” (OiRA), “Intranet” (ikath) and “Support” (UniBW) -->

#### Few people love their intranet

Nearly every company has an intranet. But few people actually like theirs. The reason is often that it has been introduced as a static system to solve an information need. But it is expected to function as information centre, productivity tool and social connectivity space. It grows organically and gains issues with the information design, productivity, social capital and not least technically. Over time many an intranet has become a storage yard for documents, as everything is kept and nothing is retired.


#### Intranets are complex systems

Intranets are complex as they model the inner workings of the company. And they are a dynamic environment, as they change and adapt with the company to outer influences. An intranet software needs to be able to do that. 


#### What makes a good intranet?

A good intranet puts the needs of the end-users in front. Gathering business requirements from the employees before any technology planning is critical to success. The difference between home and work is blurring and more "digital natives" are entering the workforce. An intranet must support social media tools and digital communication. Outdated information makes employees use wrong data, lose faith in the information found and they will return less often to it. An intranet must provide means to distinguish old from new, outdated from relevant data and give priority to relevance for the user.


#### Intranets have a huge potential

With our intranet solution we address exactly these issues and provide a smart tool tuned for collaboration and modeling business processes. Make your information more visible, reach your users and allow them to reach each other. There is a lot of potential if users actually find what they are looking for.

