---
layout: sub-page
title: Support
category: services
---

<!-- “Consulting” (Denso), “Implementation” (OiRA), “Intranet” (ikath) and “Support” (UniBW) -->

#### Service and support

For us the relationship with our customer does not end with a project. Businesses change as the world does around them. And so also software has to adapt over time. Together with our partners, we provide a competent network to address your concerns at all times. It doesn't matter whether you need a contact for occasional questions or regular support, monitoring and system health checks. We have the right solution for you.

#### Helpdesk

Do you have your own inhouse team and just need help with difficult questions? Our Helpdesk might be the right solution. You get access to your dedicated developer who is familiar with your system and can answer in depth questions, debug strange behaviour, explain usage alternatives and even do smaller developments to smoothen system behaviour. 


#### Hotfix support

Do you want to stay up to date with the latest hotfixes? Our Hotfix support makes sure you get informed on new hotfixes and we help you to install them in a timely fashion - or even install it for you. This way you can be sure to be always optimally protected against attacks from the outside.


#### Upgrade services

If you are running a Plone site that is exposed to the internet, you might want to stay up to date with software upgrades. This is usually no problem if you stick to Plone. But if you have custom development installed, incompatibilities might pose problems underways. We can help you analyse and fix them to assure you can upgrade your site.


#### Performance tuning

Has your user base grown massively? Is the amount of data quite big after running a site for a few years? Is there a view that takes ages to load? Does the site sometimes get unresponsive? 
We do have the proper tools and skills to analyse any performance issues and know the proper remedy. It doesn't matter whether the problem is inefficient custom code, lack of caching or network connection issues. We can speed up your site.

