---
layout: sub-page
name: about
title: About
description: "Syslab.com is a Munich based software development and consulting company. We offer Open Source based products, content management solutions, consulting services and support or organisations, government bodies and multi-national companies."
---

<section id="about">
    <div class="container" itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/Organization">
        <h1>About us</h1>

<h3>Fast facts</h3>

<ul itemscope itemtype="http://schema.org/PostalAddress">
    <li itemprop="name">SYSLAB.COM GmbH</li>
    <li>Year Founded: 1998</li>
    <li>Main area of work: CMS and content with Plone, Pyramid and Python</li>
</ul>


<p>Syslab.com is a Munich based software development and consulting company founded in 1998. We create powerful web-based applications and content management systems for organisations, government bodies and multi-national companies.</p>

<p>Over the past 5 years we have carried out over 100 projects for small, medium and large corporate and public sector clients. Our team members are acknowledged experts in the deployment, customisation and use of Zope and Plone and we maintain strong connections into the Open Source community.</p>

<p>We specialise in Open Source technology, because we believe in the concept of free software and take part in the community to promote it. We offer Open Source based products, content management solutions, consulting services and support.</p>

<p>Since 2001 our developments are integrated solutions based on Zope and Plone, a full featured platform acting as stable and reliable base for the quick and cost effective tailoring of CMS solutions. Due to the Open Source licensing agreement, there are no license costs with regards to duration of its use or number of users.</p>

<h3>Web technologies</h3>

<p>Businesses of today cannot improve their operational efficiency nor create or optimise revenue streams without looking to the web. There is an increased demand for online services and a rapid growth of the internet. It is therefore imperative to understand the people who use the systems that we create.</p>

<p>If you want to be successful, it is not enough to have a simple website. You must be connected with other websites and social media (like twitter, facebook, linkedin). The constant exchange of information blurs the borders of every single site, creating massive and dynamic communities that are deeply intertwined.</p>

<p>We are used to working with high volume webpages based on big communities. Through the changing landscape of the software industry, we have gained the experience and expertise to create clear strategies and produce meaningful solutions based on powerful, adaptable technology. Every one of our projects is unique and is treated as such. For that we apply the following core competencies:
<ul>
<li>Requirements Analysis</li>
<li>User Scenarios / Stories</li>
<li>Concept Generation</li>
<li>Content Planning</li>
<li>Wireframing</li>
<li>Interface Design</li>
<li>Data Interaction / Workflow</li>
<li>Prototyping</li>
<li>Software Development</li>
<li>Accessibility</li>
<li>Quality Assurance</li>
<li>Training</li>
<li>Maintenance and Long Term Support</li>
</ul>

<p>We use the Open Source content management system Plone as a foundation for most of the projects we work on. We consider ourselves strong supporters of the Plone community. To help promote the cause and advance the software we organise development events and speak at conferences. For many years, we are premium sponsor of the Plone Foundation.</p>





    </div>
</section>

